Hi Tom, how are you?

In the end of 80s, the last years of USSR I attended lessons of informatic in the Moscow Pioneer Palace. I was about 12 years then. There was a class equipped with Yamaha MSX computers connected into a local net of 10 students' computers and one tutor's. The students' computers has those black-green screens while the tutor's one sported a 16-colour screen and had a floppy disk drive. The computers were ordered in Japan officially by USSR, so they had Russian letters on the keys and a specific keyboard layout. In this lessons I got acqainted with the basics of programming. In the end of every lesson we were allowed to play a game. I believed that computers were the very edge of progress at that time. Actually I always wanted to become a programmer. Well, my dream came true.

My AMD stocks have done a good jump of 20%. Probably I had to buy more of them.

The construction goes on. The floor heating tubes are installed as well as the radiators. This Monday the floor underlayment was laid down on both floors, during one day. I haven't seen this technology before. The workers used so-called 'semi-dry' cement-sand mix instead of concrete-like mixes. This mix looks more like wet sand, it is not liquid, neither sticky. And it get hard quickly, within 12 hours.

All the workers were Tajiks except for the foreman. Probably you know well that there are many guest workers from the Middle Asian states, the former Soviet republics, mostly from Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. I guess they play the same role in economy as Mexican workers in USA.

Yesterday we been to an outdoor garden store, we visit it every summer. It is about 20 km west from Moscow. They sell flowers. bushes and trees, including big ones, but we rarely buy something and use that place as a nice park. There is a playground and small zoo. Peacocks and hens simply walk around. Strangely, there is almost no people there. No one believes that such a great place can be free to visit.

I have taken some pictures
And a set of pictures from the last year
